1. Enter the number of hours it took you to complete the project between
   the <<< and >>> signs below (eg, <<<10>>>).

   <<<9>>>

2. Enter the difficulty level (1: very easy; 5: very difficult) of the project
   between <<< and >>> signs below (eg, <<<3>>>).

   <<<3>>>

3. Provide a short description of how you approached each problem, issues you
   encountered, and how you resolved those issues.

   Problem 1 (Day of the Week): I first looked at the write up along with the
checklist and then opened the file. I read the problem again and followed the
instructions by defining the proper variables and writing the equation given.
The only issue I had was trying to get the variable names to have subscripts. I
could not figure it out so I just used the letter with a number next to it,
which worked just as good.

   Problem 2 (Mercator Projection): I used the same approach as the first
problem. A minor issue I encountered was getting the correct x value. I fixed
this by making x = longitude.

   Problem 3 (Great Circle Distance): I used the same approach as before. I had
an issue with fitting all the code onto one line. After a lot of trial and error
I learned that you could continue the code in another line, but you have to
indent it properly. Eventually, I was able to make the program run correctly.

   Problem 4 (Wind Chill): I used the same approach as before. I had no issue
doing this problem.

   Problem 5 (Gravitational Force): I used the same approach as before. I had
a few issues with this problem. I first forgot to put G in scientific notation,
but was able to fix that quickly. When I submitted the file, I found out that
the program did not work. I fixed it by changing the G position so that instead
of being multiplied last, it would be multiplied with m1 and m2.

   Problem 6 (Snell's Law): I used the same approach as before. I also had to
rearrange the equation to get the second angle of refraction by itself. I had
issues with the arrangement of the computation when putting it into code. I had
to go through a lot of trial and error by switching one piece of the equation at
a time until the code finally worked.

   Problem 7 (Gambler's Ruin): I used the same approach as before. The only
issue I had was forgetting to put an extra pair of parenthesis for the
exponent part of the equation.

   Problem 8 (Waiting Time): I used the same approach as before. The only issue
I had was forgetting to use math.exp() instead of e**, but I quickly figured it
out and fixed it.

   Problem 9 (Die Roll): I approached this problem in a similar manner as before
, but instead I read everything more carefully since things weren't as obvious.
I also tried a few equations and solutions on paper before coding. The major
issue I had was that I misinterpreted the question wrong and used an incorrect
equation. The program passed all the python tests, but I was still able to catch
my mistake when I reread the hints from the checklist. I was then able to create
the proper equation. The other issue I had was that random.randomint() did not
exist even though it was given as a hint. I instead used random.randrange(),
which still allowed the program to work. However, I found out later that I had
to use random.randint(), which I put into my code before submitting.

   Problem 10 (Three Sort): I used a similar approach as problem 9 because I
read the problem and hints very carefully. I had issues trying to find the
middle number using equations, but was finally able to come up with one using
the hints along with trial and error. I was eventually able to
make the program run as expected.

4. Did you receive help from anyone? List their names, status (classmate,
   CS110 grad, TA, other), and the nature of help received.

   Name               Status       Help Received
   ----               ------       -------------
Laura Chamberlain     SI teacher   She helped me fix an error I was having with
                                   using run_tests.py in the terminal and how I
                                   should approach Exercise 1.


5. List any other comments here. Feel free to provide any feedback on how
   much you learned from doing the assignment, and whether you enjoyed
   doing it.
I learned a lot about how python and the virtual environment works. I also
enjoyed running the programs on the terminal and getting them to run correctly.
